{section: SUMMARY, page_no: 1, 
content: Newmont did not provide an exploration budget for calendar year 2005.  Instead, some funds 
 were made available to test the gold potential at three locations along the western limit of the 
 tenement holding.  This resulted in the completion of six shallow diamond drill holes into 
 massive and stringer pyrite-pyrrhotite and graphitic shales; no gold anomalies were recorded.  
 No base metal exploration was undertaken. 
}

{section: 1  INTRODUCTION, page_no: 4, 
content: This report documents the calendar year 2005 exploration programmes undertaken by 
 Newmont Golden Grove Operations Pty Ltd and Oxiana Golden Grove Pty Ltd on the Golden 
 Grove Project.  Mining Lease M59/543 (Walgardy) is included in the Golden Grove Project. 
Shallow diamond drilling was undertaken to test the potential for gold deposits within the so-
 called “Banded Iron” sequence to the west of Gossan Hill and Scuddles.  No funding was made 
 available for base metal exploration in calendar 2005. 
}

{section: 1.1  Location and Access, page_no: 4, 
content: The Golden Grove Project is located in the southern Murchison region of Western Australia 
 approximately 55 kilometres south south-east of the township of Yalgoo and approximately 225 
 kilometres east of the Port of Geraldton.  The tenements are located alongside, and largely to 
 the west of the Yalgoo to Paynes Find road.  Access within the property is provided by gravel 
 tracks, fence lines and cleared grid lines.  An all weather airstrip services the Project. 
}

{section: 1.2  Tenements, page_no: 4, 
content: Mining and prospecting leases, which comprise the Project area and are the subject of this 
 report, are shown in Table 1 and Figure 1.  Surveys of lease boundaries were completed in April 
 2005 resulting in some changes to tenement areas. 
An application was made to the Department of Minerals and Energy in September 1997 to 
 convert prospecting leases P59/1217, 1218, 1219 and 1220 to a mining lease (MLA59/480).  
 M59/03 (Scuddles) was renewed for a further 21 years. 
}

{section: 2  REGIONAL GEOLOGY, page_no: 6, 
content: The Golden Grove Project lies on the eastern side of a central synclinal axis within the 
 Warriedar Fold Belt (WFB).  The WFB is dominated by mafic volcanic successions and lies in 
 the Yalgoo-Mt Singleton Greenstone Belt of the Murchison Province within the Yilgarn Craton, 
 Western Australia.  The host sequence to the Scuddles and Gossan Hill base metals deposits is 
 the Golden Grove formation of the Gossan Hill Group (Clifford, 1992) which, in general, youngs 
 and dips westerly between 75o and 80o (Figure 2).  It comprises a foot wall sequence of rhyolitic 
 flows and tuffs, a host sequence of volcaniclastic litharenites and crystal tuffs and a hanging 
 wall sequence of felsic lavas.  Figure 3 provides a schematic stratigraphic column representing 
 the Golden Grove formation and its enclosing units.  The Gossan Hill Group is overlain by the 
 predominately mafic successions of the Thundelarra Group (Watkins and Hickman, 1990). 
The Gossan Hill and Thundelarra Groups are overlain, either unconformably or structurally, by 
 BIF and chert of the Windaning Group (Baxter, 1982b,c; Frater, 1978, 1983a, as cited in 
 Clifford, 1992).  The BIF and chert form the prominent hills of the Minjar Range.  On the western 
 flank of the range, sandstone and conglomerate of the Warriedar Formation crop out.  Siltstones 
 and shales of the Mougooderra Formation overlie the Warriedar Formation. 
Two major regional structures, the Mougooderra and Chulaar Shears, pass through and west of 
 the leases.  These structures have been interpreted as strike slip faults and more recently as 
 thrust faults. 
The WFB is bounded to the east, west and south-east by the pre–syntectonic Murchison 
 Monzogranite.  Post-tectonic granitoids intrude the margin of the greenstone belt post-dating 
 regional folding events.  Mafic intrusives are common throughout the belt and are thought to be 
 generally contemporaneous with overlying mafic successions. 
}

{section: 3  GEOCHEMISTRY, page_no: 9, 
content: An outline of the analytical techniques and elemental suites for the various drilling programmes 
 is presented below.  Available assay data are presented in Appendix 1. 
}

{section: 3.1  Diamond Drill Core Sampling, page_no: 9, 
content: In areas of sulphide mineralisation or strong alteration, samples of half core were taken over 
 nominal one metre intervals defined by lithological or alteration boundaries. 
}

{section: 3.2  Rotary Air Blast (RAB) Chip Sampling, page_no: 9, 
content: While no RAB drilling was undertaken in calendar 2005, assays for several holes completed in 
 2004 and not previously reported are provided in Appendix 1.  One metre samples were 
 collected from a cyclone and placed in rows on the ground.  Using a PVC “spear” composite 
 samples were collected over five metre intervals and submitted for assay. 
}

{section: 3.4  Analytical Techniques, page_no: 9, 
content: All routine exploration diamond core samples were sent to ALS-Chemex in Perth.  Each sample 
 was pulverised totally and assayed for the listed elements by the following techniques (detection 
 limits in brackets): 
Selected diamond core holes were sampled to provide information on the effects of 
 hydrothermal alteration.  These samples were sent to UltraTrace in Perth.  Each sample was 
 pulverised totally and assayed for the listed elements by the following techniques (detection 
 limits in brackets): 
All RAB samples were sent to ALS-Chemex in Perth.  Each sample was pulverised totally and 
 assayed for the listed elements by the following techniques (detection limits in brackets): 
}

{section: 4.1  Diamond Drilling, page_no: 10, 
content: Diamond drilling programmes from surface and underground resulted in the completion of 
 2,297.5m in 10 holes.  The diamond drilling is summarised in Table 2.  Diamond drill hole 
 locations are shown on Figure 6.  Summaries of the diamond drilling on a tenement by 
 tenement basis are provided in Section 7.  Diamond drilling data, including those not available 
 for the 2004 Annual Report, are presented in Appendix 1. 
MossLake Drilling Services Pty Ltd continued the BJDD-series surface diamond drilling 
 programme.  The drilling was undertaken with a UDR 1000 rig providing PQ, HQ and NQ2 core.  
 Pre-collars were drilled mainly with PQ triple tube core to maintain dip and azimuth.  Down-hole 
 survey control was provided by an Eastman-type single shot camera at nominal 30m intervals; 
 selected holes were re-surveyed using a gyroscopic survey tool. 
Boart Longyear undertook the S04-series underground exploration drilling at Scuddles using an 
 LM75 rig.  Down-hole survey control was provided by an Eastman-type single shot camera at 
 nominal 30m intervals. 
Final drill collar locations, dips and azimuths (with respect to the Mine Grid) for all holes were 
 provided by the on-site surveyors. 
**       Abandoned due to bogged rods 
}

{section: 5  ENVIRONMENT AND REHABILITATION, page_no: 12, 
content: Work completed on the Golden Grove Project included site preparation for diamond drilling and 
 site clean-up on completion of drilling. 
Some historical and recent drill collars were checked during the year to ensure that collar caps 
 remained sound and that erosion around the collars did not occur. 
There were no reportable environmental incidents during 2005. 
}

{section: 6  REPORT BY TENEMENT, page_no: 13, 
content: Only specific exploration activities within the respective tenements are detailed below.  With the 
 exception of the drilling discussed below, exploration-related activities centred around the 
 setting up of lithogeochemical assessments of available diamond drilling. 
}

{section: 6.1.1  Diamond Drilling, page_no: 13, 
content: Underground hole S04/103 was completed at 219.3m after being at 86.5m at the end of 
 calendar 2004.  This hole was part of a short programme to test the base metal potential of the 
 lower part of the volcanic sequence at Scuddles.  No sulphides or major hydrothermal alteration 
 were intersected.  The locations and details of underground exploration holes S04/100 to 
 S04/102 completed very late in December 2004 are also provided with this report. 
Assay, survey, geological, geochemical and location data are provided in Appendix 1. 
}

{section: 6.2.1  Diamond Drilling, page_no: 13, 
content: This tenement is located to the immediate west of the Gossan Hill mine.  Diamond drill holes 
 BJDD006, BJDD007, BJDD008 and BJDD009 were completed for a total of 944m (refer Figures 
 4 and 5).  Hole BJDD007 was abandoned after the rods were irretrievably bogged.  No 
 anomalous gold values were recorded in any of the holes despite the presence of pyrite with 
 minor pyrrhotite. 
Assay, survey, geological, geochemical and location data are provided in Appendix 1. 
}

{section: 6.3.1  Diamond Drilling, page_no: 13, 
content: This tenement is located to the west of the Scuddles mine.  Diamond drill holes BJDD04 and 
 BJDD005 were completed for a total of 481m (refer Figures 4 and 5).  Vein-style pyrite 
 accumulations were intersected but no anomalous gold values were recorded. 
Assay, survey, geological, geochemical and location data are provided in Appendix 1. 
}

