{section: Location and Access, page_no: 2, 
content: P63/1322 is situated approximately 570km east of Perth and about 30km SSE of Norseman in 
 Western Australia (Figure 1). It is situated at the northern end of Lake Dundas in a 
 topographically flat area. Access to the tenement is via mine, exploration and station tracks 
 from the sealed Coolgardie-Esperance Highway. The tracks can be impossible to traverse via 
 vehicle when the ground is wet. No tracks lead directly to the tenement as it is situated 
 entirely within the bounds of Lake Dundas.
The tenement is situated on the Norseman (SI 51-02) 1:250,000 map sheet, and on the 
 Norseman (3233) 1:100,000 sheet.
}

{section: Tenure, page_no: 2, 
content: Tenement  P63/1322  is  held  and  operated  by  Mallee  Gold  Corporation  Ltd.    The  tenement  is 
 199.42Ha  in  area.  It  forms  one  of  number  of  tenements  that  comprise  Mallee  Gold 
 Corporation’s Norseman Project.
}

{section: Regional Geology, page_no: 2, 
content: P63/1322 is located near the southern end of the Archaean Norseman-Wiluna greenstone belt, 
 which is highly  endowed  in  gold  and  nickel mineralisation.  The tenement covers granitic  and 
 gneissic rocks which form part a suite of plutonic complexes which are ubiquitous across the 
 Yilgarn  Craton.  The  volcanic,  intrusive  and  sedimentary  rocks  that  comprise  the  greenstone 
}

{section: Regional Geology, page_no: 3, 
content: belts were largely deposited during a significant phase of extension that initiated at about 2700 
 Ma.  However,  at  Norseman,  the  greenstone  belt  rocks  are  considerably  older,  with  felsic 
 volcanic  rocks  dated  at  about  2960  Ma.  Subsequent  deformation,  which  predominantly 
 occurred  during  the  westward  accretion  of  the  Norseman-Wiluna  Belt,  and  other  terranes  to 
 the  east,  onto  the  a  large  continental  land  mass  (now  termed  the  Barlee  Terrane).  The 
 widespread  granitic  complexes,  of  which  P63/1322  overlies  one,  were  intruded  into  across  the 
 Yilgarn post-cratonisation.
The Norseman area is highly endowed with gold and contains Australia’s longest running gold 
 mine,  which to  date has  produced  over 5.5Moz  Au  from  the  Mararoa-Crown  (Main  Reef)  and 
 North Royal reefs. The gold is typically hosted in narrow, high-grade quartz veins.
}

{section: Local Geology, page_no: 3, 
content: Basement  rocks  under  P63/1322  comprise  Archaean  granite  and  gneiss,  which  is  not  exposed 
 anywhere  within  the  tenement.  The  basement  is  entirely  overlain  by  lacustrine  sediments  of 
 Lake Dundas.   
}

{section: Topography, page_no: 4, 
content: P63/1322 overlies Lake Dundas and consequently has a very flat topography.  
}

{section: Previous Exploration, page_no: 4, 
content: Despite it’s proximity to Norseman, no previous exploration could be identified on the 
 tenement despite an exhaustive search of the GSWA Wamex database. 
}

{section: Work Completed, page_no: 4, 
content: Digirock Pty Ltd (geological consultants) were contracted to review the project and to 
 undertake planned exploration. 
No on-ground work could be completed due to the lake containing water for most of the 
 reporting period due to a very wet and extended summer cyclone season. Work undertaken 
 was as follows: 
}

{section: Open File Data Compilation, page_no: 4, 
content: An online search of available Mineral Exploration Open File reports was conducted on the MPR 
 web site to determine if work has been completed on the tenement. No reports were located 
 which had any exploration results on P63/1322. 
}

{section: Existing Data Compilation, page_no: 5, 
content: Available data on the project area consisted of publicly available data, including GSWA 
 1:250,000 Geological Series Maps and Department of Land Information (DLI) 100,000 
 topographic data. 
This information was compiled into a GIS dataset. 
}

{section: Geophysical Data Acquisition, page_no: 5, 
content: Gridded aeromagnetic and radiometric (uranium, thorium, potassium and total count) data 
 were purchased from Fugro Airborne Surveys Pty Ltd. The data form part of their 200m-spaced 
 Eastern Goldfields Multiclient Dataset. 
The geophysical data are currently being interpreted to assist target generation. 
}

{section: Project Reviews, page_no: 5, 
content: P63/1322 is currently under review. As part of this review existing data was compiled and the 
 purchased geophysical data converted into GIS data layers.  
At the time of writing this Annual Technical Report, CSA had not completed a completed report 
 on their review of the tenements. However, meetings and field reconnaissance (see below) 
 with CSA revealed that the tenement has very limited potential to host economic Pb-Zn 
 mineralisation. 
}

{section: Conclusions and Recommendations, page_no: 6, 
content: Given the lack of exposure on and lack of greenstone belt rocks, there should not be any 
 ground-based exploration undertaken until a thorough aeromagnetic interpretation is 
 undertaken. 
}

