{section: 1. Introduction, page_no: 4, 
content: This report is the final surrender report for E08/2679.
 E08/2679 neighbours a reporting group also under the ownership of Anthony Warren Slater (‘AWS’) which has had extensive works and
 exploration programmes carried out within its extent. AWS used this knowledge to qualitatively take advantage of surrounding available
 leases in an effort to further exploit the regions resources. E08/2679 was regarded as prospective for water and for road and construction
 materials.
It was interpreted that the dune sand materials present within the lease and its surrounds, were capable of being used for fill sand and some
 fine concrete sand. It appeared from the desktop studies and mineralogy of the region, that the dune sand material may make a suitable
 material for these purposes.
Furthermore, surrounding historic hydrological data also lent to the assumption that the lease could be a source of water.
 During the life of the tenement, field trips were made to site to assess access issues associated with the difficult tenement topography and to
 assess existing borrow pits on the tenement.
It was determined after qualitative analysis that the areas of interest within E08/2679 were of no prospective significance to AWS, and have
 subsequently been surrendered.
}

{section: 2. Location and Access Details, page_no: 5, 
content: The project lease is located ~36 km south of Onslow with access via the main Onslow Rd. There is a small amount of internal tenement
 access on station style tracks however due to the fluvatile and lacustrine nature of the tenements, internal access around the tenements is
 restricted.
E08/2679 is a single-Block Exploration lease which previously held historic prospecting with private and other government agencies. The
 lease was held in the name of Anthony Warren Slater (‘AWS’) and operated under the same name.
 E08/2679 is contained entirely within ex-Mount Minnie Pastoral Lease (3114/862) and encroaches upon multiple other land types i.e. FNA’s
 and road reserves.
The Onslow Highway Project occurs in an uninhabited area. The closest occupied homestead is Minderoo Station Homestead, occurring
 approximately 23km west of E08/2679. Onslow Townsite with a population of approximately 850 people (2002 census) occurs approximately
 36km to the north-northwest of the Onslow Highway Project.
 Figures 1 and 2 below detail the location of the tenements on cadastral and aerial photography bases.
}

{section: 3. Tenement Details, page_no: 6, 
content: As is provided automatically during the generation of this report, the Onslow Highway Project consists of a single tenement. Again as
 aforementioned, this is a Final Surrender Report for E08/2679.
As can be seen in Figure 2, the lease can be characterised as a single block tenement, which holds a visually perfect-square appearance.
 Due to the relatively short life of the lease, yearly expenditure reports have not been generated for E08/2679.
The project is currently held by AWS, full details are as follows;
}

{section: 4.1 Regional Geology, page_no: 7, 
content: The regional area in which the Project is located is dominated by ancient granitoid batholiths, elliptical to circular in plan and formed by
 repeated magmatic intrusions. It is the weathered remnants of these batholiths that form the granitic domes landscapes.
The Project area more broadly straddles the boundary of the Ashburton and Hamersley Basins of the Pilbara Craton. The Carnarvon Basin
 predominantly comprises lithologies of the early Cretaceous, Winning Group. The Basin is dominated by Radiolarite; chert; and glauconitic
 sandstone; mapped as undivided Windalia Radiolarite/Birdrong Sandstone.
The Tabba Tabba Shear Zone is the major division between the East and West Pilbara craton. The Tabba Tabba Shear Zone is a granodioritic
 suite that forms the eastern boundary fault of the Mallina Basin.
The granite - greenstone sequence is characterised by the presence of a series of large layered mafic - ultramafic intrusions. The Fortescue
 Group is the lowest group in the Mount Bruce Supergroup of the Precambrian Hamersley Basin and is a generally un-metamorphosed and
 largely undeformed sequence. No significant mineral occurrences have been recorded with the Fortescue Group rocks.
}

{section: 4.2 Local Geology, page_no: 7, 
content: The geology of the project area was assessed using the Geological Survey of Western Australia‘s 1:500,000 interpreted bedrock geology
 spatial dataset (GSWA 2009). The Onslow Highway Project Area is part of the Winning Group, described by GSWA (2009) as:
 “Undivided: shale, siltstone, marl, and basal sandstone; commonly glauconitic” (GSWA 2009).
The resource area consists of red Quaternary aeolian dunes with an typical height above surrounding land being in the order of 7.5m in
 height and even as high as 10m in some areas. The dunes appear to trend approximately northwest-southeast and frequently becoming
 reticulate. Swales, are moderately narrow and sometimes with minor areas of clay pans, swamps and sump depressions. Typically, crests are
 hummocky and uneven with gently to moderately inclined slopes, steepest on western sides.
}

{section: 5. Previous Exploration, page_no: 8, 
content: As has been mentioned earlier within this report, due to the age of the tenement, no previous annual reports or exploration were carried out
 by AWS.
 It should be mentioned however, that the tenement was host to various combinations of either historic borrow pits or licensed water bores.
}

{section: 6. Current Exploration, page_no: 9, 
content: Work carried out within the reporting period has been varied and includes desktop and investigative studies for hydrogeological work finding
 suitable groundwater sources (from DOW bore data). The work also includes multiple site visits by the operator to complete ‘fire breaks’, site
 maintenance (pegs, etc.) and consultation with surrounding landowners.
The site visit conducted also included the assessment of access to the tenement and to make high level appraisals as to the suitability of the
 nature, distribution and quality of the materials within the lease, for local construction purposes and to site possible locations for test water
 bores to test the groundwater potential of the tenure.
}

{section: 7.1 Data Review, page_no: 10, 
content: Works carried out have largely been desktop and investigative studies, for both construction materials (sand, gravel, aggregate) and ground
 water. Currently finding suitable groundwater sources (from DOW bore data) nearby suitable virgin and existing resource locations. A site
 visit was conducted to assess access through the tenement and to make high level appraisals as to the suitability of the nature, distribution
 and quality of the materials in the existing borrow pits for local construction purposes and to site possible locations for test water bores to
 test the groundwater potential of the tenure.
}

{section: 7.2 Other Activities, page_no: 10, 
content: AWS conducted site inspections within E08/2679, however has not undertaken any geological reconnaissance or bulk sampling during the
 reporting year.
 It was determined from qualitative site analysis that the materials present from within historic quarries was not of importance and not suitable
 to AWS’ business plan or model.
}

{section: 8. Conclusion and Recommendations, page_no: 11, 
content: The geological desktop studies, reconnaissance surveys and market assessments indicate that the potential resource within E08/2679 was not
 viable, of strategic importance or suitable to AWS’ business plan / model.
 It is for this reason that AWS no longer has an interest in E08/2679 and has subsequently surrendered the lease.
}

{section: 10. Expenditure Summary, page_no: 13, 
content: Due to surrender dates, no expenditure reports were submitted for this lease, however AWS confidently estimates that expenditure over
 E08/2679 from the data review and geological reconnaissance works was in excess of $8,400.
 A costs breakdown can be provided upon request if necessary.
}

