{section: Executive Summary, page_no: 4, 
content: The  Munni  Munni  Intrusive  Complex  (MMIC)  is  an  Archean  layered  mafic  –  ultramafic 
 intrusive located in the West Pilbara region of Western Australia, approximately 45kms south 
 of the township of Karratha. 
Hunter Resources Ltd recognised the potential of the MMIC to host PGE mineralisation during 
 the mid 1980’s and began a four year exploration program. During this time they identified a 
 specific sulphide zone proximal to the contact between the mafic and ultramafic sequences 
 which was subsequently named the Ferguson Reef after Dr. John Ferguson. 
Work on the project was stalled during the early 1990’s due primarily to low PGE prices and 
 later due to plaints lodged against Hunter Resources Ltd in the Wardens Court. 
Late  in  2000  Helix  Resources  resolved  the  plaints  and  obtained  100%  ownership  of  the 
 tenements  and  exploration  and  development  work  was  accelerated  to  take  advantage  of 
 elevated PGE and particularly palladium prices. 
A program of re-assessment of Hunter Resources data including the re-assay of mineralised 
 intercepts  was  completed  late  in  2000.  An  aggressive  program  of  diamond  and  RC  drilling 
 followed, extending the known mineralisation to 700m below surface in the Central Zone with 
 preliminary exploration commenced in areas peripheral to the Central Zone.  
In May 2002 Lonmin PLC entered into a joint venture on the Munni Munni Project where they 
 could earn 50% equity in the project by funding all exploration through top the completion of a 
 feasibility study. 
In March 2003 Lonmin PLC withdrew from the project following ‘in house’ financial analysis 
 which indicated that the project was sub economic. 
As a result of the extensive drilling programs completed during the Lonmin JV period a JORC 
 compliant PGM resource was estimated at Munni Munni (23.6mt at 2.9g/t PGM + 0.15% Cu 
 + 0.09% Ni). Economic evaluations in November 2002 showed that at the then current metal 
 prices  the  project  was  sub  economic.  During  the  current  period  there  have  been  some 
 substantial changes in both metal prices and AUD$ exchange rate but the net effect has been 
 that there has only been a minor increase in the basket price for the metal prices within the 
 resource and it still remains subeconomic.  
During July 2003 Helix signed a joint venture agreement with De Beers Australia Exploration 
 Limited covering 11 exploration licences and applications surrounding the Munni Munni PGE 
 project.  The  Joint  Venture  excludes  the  Mining  Leases  covering  the  Munni  Munni  PGM 
 resources. 
Field work over the areas being surrendered consists entirely of De Beers regional diamond 
 sampling program. Helix has assayed these sampling for precious and base metals. 
}

{section: 1.1  Tenure, page_no: 5, 
content: The areas being surrendered are from the following granted exploration licences (E47/1074, 
 1075 and 905). 
This ground holding covers the region surrounding the Munni Munni Intrusive Complex Figure 
 1  summarises  Helix  Resources  Ltd  ground  holding  over  the  MMIC  and  the  area  being 
 surrendered. Table 1 outlines relevant details: 
In  July  2003  Helix  signed  a  joint  venture  agreement  with  De  Beers  Australia  Exploration 
 Limited covering 11 exploration licences and applications surrounding the Munni Munni PGE 
 project.  The  Joint  Venture  excludes  the  Mining  Leases  covering  the  Munni  Munni  PGM 
 resources. The exploration licences include E47/1015, E47/1074-75, E471090, E47/1144-46, 
 E47/1169-71 & E47/0905. 
Under the Joint Venture, De Beers has the right to earn 51% in any new diamond discoveries 
 by  spending  $3  million  on  exploration  within  the  next  three  years.  Helix  will  then  have  the 
 option to participate in further exploration or development by contributing on a pro rata basis, 
 49%, or further diluting to a minimum interest of 25%. 
}

{section: 1.2  Location and Access, page_no: 5, 
content: The area lies 45km directly south of the township of Karratha in the Western Pilbara Region 
 of Western Australia, a location map is included as Figure 2. 
}

{section: 1.2  Location and Access, page_no: 6, 
content: Karratha  is  approximately  1600km  north  of  Perth,  and  has  a  present  population  of  around 
11,000 people. Large resource companies such as Woodside Petroleum, Hamersley Iron and 
Dampier Salt utilise the infrastructure in Karratha and the port facilities at nearby Dampier on 
Access to the project area is via the Hamersley Iron (HI) rail access road travelling south off 
the  North  West  Coastal  Highway  for  approximately  35kms  and  then  turning  east  onto  the 
Whundoo Pit Road for approximately 16kms.  
The  area  is  transacted  by  station  tracks  in  various  states  of  disuse,  some  being  only 
navigable in dry weather. 
}

{section: 1.3  Physiography and Climate, page_no: 8, 
content: The West Pilbara JV Project area consists of several different terrains, ranging from low rocky 
 spinifex and eucalypt covered hills to acacia and grass covered alluvial flats. 
Although ephemeral themselves, most of the larger creek systems contain semi-permanent 
 waterholes.  Vegetation  along  the  creek  systems  comprises  several  different  species  of 
 eucalypt, acacia, tea-tree and herbaceous plants. 
The climate is sub-tropical with rainfall of between 350 – 500mm per year, falling mostly in the 
 summer  months  and  up  until  April.  The  temperature  ranges  from  22  -  25°  during  the  dry 
 winter  months  to  45°  in  the  humid  summer.  The  area  is  frequently  effected  by  tropical 
 cyclones in the November to April cyclone season. 
Access during the wet season is by 4WD vehicle only and the area can be subject to flash 
 flooding. The high summer rainfall often seriously denudes tracks particularly in areas of high 
 run off. 
}

{section: 2.1  Regional Geology, page_no: 8, 
content: The West Pilbara JV Project area is situated within the 61,000km2 Archaean Pilbara Block of 
 the  Pilbara  Craton.  The  East  Pilbara  Block  consists  of  a  series  of  E-W  trending  granite  – 
 greenstone  terranes  consisting  of  domal  granitic  batholiths  separated  by  synclinal  belts  of 
 greenschist  to  lower  amphibolite  facies  meta  sedimentary  and  meta  volcanic  rocks. 
 Collectively  called  the  Pilbara  Supergroup  they  range  in  age  from  2.8  to  3.0  Ga.  It  is 
 unconformably overlain by late Archaean to early Proterozoic sediments and volcanics of the 
 Mount Bruce Supergroup. 
}

{section: 2.1  Regional Geology, page_no: 9, 
content: Differentiated Archaean layered mafic and ultramafic complexes occur throughout the Pilbara 
although intrusions with a stratigraphic height in excess of 2kms are restricted to the West 
Pilbara. The Munni Munni Igneous Complex (MMIC) is one of the largest and best preserved 
of these complexes and has been dated at 2.92 Ga.
}

{section: 2.2  Geology of the Munni Munni Complex, page_no: 9, 
content: The MMIC is a relatively large (25km x 9km) intrusive complex composed of an alternating 
 sequence  of  ultramafic  rocks  overlain  by  a  thick  mafic  package  of  predominantly  gabbroic 
 rock. Mapping by Hoatson (1992) suggests that the intrusion is in excess of 5km thick with the 
 keel of ultramafic material 1.8km thick and the upper gabbroic package 3.6km thick. 
The ultramafic portion of the intrusion has been sub-divided by Hoatson (1992) into nine sub-
 zones containing varying proportions of websterite, olivine websterite, lherzolite, weherlite and 
 minor  dunite.  Strong  magnetic  layering  apparent  in  regional  aero-magnetic  images  reflects 
 serpentinised olivine and identifies the transitions into olivine dominant zones. 
Rock  types  of  the  ultramafic  package  are  dominated  by  three  cumulus  mineral  phases, 
 augite,  bronzite  and  olivine.  Intercumulus  minerals  include  plagioclase,  biotite,  magnetite, 
 ilmenite,  pyrite,  pyrrhotite,  chalcopyrite  and  pentlandite  as  well  as  minor  proportions  of  the 
 cumulate mineral phases trapped as inter-cumulus liquid. 
The  uppermost  unit  of  the  ultramafic  zone  is  a  medium  to  coarse  grained  porphrytic 
 websterite. The upper portion of this unit is the host to the PGE mineralised Ferguson Reef. 
The most obvious alteration in the ultramafic series is the serpentinisation of olivine although 
 pervasive talc alteration is also apparent. 
The boundary between the lower ultramafic sequence and the upper gabbroic sequence is 
 marked by the first appearance of cumulus plagioclase and is variable in nature from sharp to 
 gradational over 8 – 10m.  
The upper gabbroic material is a monotonous sequence of poorly layered gabbro to gabbro-
 norite.  Local  variation  in  the  pigeonite  content  reflects  the  most  significant  mineralogical 
 variation in the lower portion of the gabbro pile, although these variations are generally not 
 traceable  between  drill  hole  sections.  Minor  anorthositic  gabbro  to  anorthosite  bands  have 
 been  noted  in  a  number  of  drill  sections  but  are  generally  not  laterally  continuous.  Coarse 
 gabbroic pegmatite sweats are found throughout the lower gabbro sequence. 
   
Approximately  800m  above  the  basal  gabbro  contact,  magnetite  first  appears  as  cumulate 
 phase. This ‘magnetite in’ horizon marks the only significant and laterally continuous cumulus 
 phase change in the gabbroic sequence. 
Cumulus  mineralogy  of  the  gabbro  includes  plagioclase,  augite,  inverted  pigeonite  and 
 magnetite.  Intercumulus  minerals  include  inverted  pigeonite,  clinopyroxene,  orthopyroxene, 
 minor quartz and biotite. 
Alteration within the gabbro is mostly related to deuteric sausseritisation with minor sodic and 
 calcic alteration adjacent to major faults.  
The southern portion of the MMIC is unconformably overlain by sediments and volcanics of 
 the Mount Bruce Supergroup and more particularly the Fortescue Group. 
Within  the  Fortescue  Group  four  tectono-stratigraphic  sequences  have  been  recognised  by 
 Thorne and Trendall (2001). The lower most sequence is the Mount Roe Basalt which lies 
 unconformably  on  the basement  granite  –  greenstone.  In  areas of  the  southern Hamersley 
 Basin the Mount Roe Basalt is underlain by a poorly exposed and discontinuous sequence of 
 sediments  and  volcanics  belonging  to  the  Bellary  Formation.  The  Hardey  Formation  is  the 
 next tetono-stratigraphic sequence and is overlain by the Kylena/Boongal, Tumbiana/Pyradie 
}

{section: 2.2  Geology of the Munni Munni Complex, page_no: 10, 
content: and  Maddina/Bunjinah  Formations  of  sequence  three.  The  uppermost  sequence  is  the
 Jeerinah Formation. 
In the project area units of the Hardey Formation and Kylena Formation are noted.
In  the  project  area  the Hardey  Formation  is  seen  mostly  as  fine to  medium  grained  quartz 
 sandstone to feldspathic sandstone with minor shale and siltstone beds. Some fine grained 
 basaltic and minor tuffs have been recorded but they are subservient to the clastics. Historical 
 mapping completed by Hunter Resources has indicated a semi-continuous horizon of felsic 
 volcanics near the unconformity in the centre of the intrusive complex, although this has not 
 been unambiguously identified in drilling completed during the current reporting period.
The Kylena Formation is a fine to occasionally medium grained basalt to amygdaloidal basalt, 
 with quartz and carbonate filled amygdales variable from 5mm-15mm long. In some samples 
 the amygdales had been elongated and stretched. Percentage of the sample as amygdales is 
 variable  between  5  –  50%  with  a  broad  decrease  noted  with  depth  in  some  intervals. 
 Occasional  and  very  minor  quartzite  has  been  logged  in  some  of  the  drill  holes  within  the 
 Kylena, although vertically narrow and laterally discontinuous. 
 
}

{section: 3.1  Exploration by Helix Resources –, page_no: 10, 
content: No fieldwork was undertaken by Helix over the areas being surrendered. However, Helix did 
 carry out assaying of stream samples collected by DeBeers over these areas.  
 Samples were assayed at Ultratrace Laboratories for precious and base metals using a lead 
 collection fire assay for Au, Pt and Pd and a mixed acid digest for Ag, As,  Bi, Pb, Cr, Cu, Ni 
 and Zn. Details are included in appendix 1. 
}

{section: 3.2  Exploration by De Beers Australia Exploration Limited –, page_no: 10, 
content: Diamond exploration by De Beers over the surrendered area involved reconnaissance stream 
 sampling, and ground investigation of Hyperspectral Scanner anomalies. Sampling did not 
 highlight any significantly anomalous areas for follow up diamond sampling on the 
 surrendered areas 
}

{section: 4  Recommendations, page_no: 10, 
content: The areas being outright surrendered have shown little prospectivity for diamonds or precious 
 and base metals from the regional sampling carried out. Some areas of the tenements have 
 been held through Mining Lease Applications where there is anomalism present and follow up 
 work is warranted 
}

